[BUG] - Contents get cropped on Carousel items (Issue/2638) (#2645)
porsche-design-system/porsche-design-system: packages/components/src/components/carousel/carousel.examples.md

<Playground :markup="focusBehavior" :config="config"></Playground>

## Custom Border Radius

> By default, every carousel item gets a border radius of `12px`. This can be changed via a custom CSS property, e.g.:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, every carousel item gets a predefined border radius. This can be changed via a custom CSS property, e.g.:  
```

> `--p-carousel-border-radius: 4px`.

Reviewer 2: And not hardcode 4px :)

> `--p-carousel-border-radius: 4px`.

Author: Added select dropdown with border-radius values and "zero" value.
